each browser adds different default margins, padding, etc., to different items.
This means that you get slightly, or greatly, different layouts in each.
For avoiding this problem use

* {
    box-sizing: border box;
    padding: 0;
    margin: 0;
}
so that, your declared padding & margin will be applied.

By default, the width and height of an element is calculated like this:
        width + padding + border = actual width of an element
        height + padding + border = actual height of an element
    In normal case, if you set width: 300px; but actually it will be 300px+padding(px)+border(px)
    but if we set box-sizing: border-box; then if we set width:300px; now elements width will be still 300px i.e. padding & border px will be
        inside 300px.

> What is box-sizing?
    Defines how the width and height of an element are calculated: should they include padding and borders, or not.
    If you set box-sizing: border-box; on an element, padding and border are included in the width and height.
    You can easily create three floating boxes side by side. However, when you add something that enlarges the width of each box
    (e.g. padding or borders), the box will break. The box-sizing property allows us to include the padding and border in the 
    box's total width (and height), making sure that the padding stays inside of the box and that it does not break.
    


Some browser doesn't support some css property, use below code before that css property for browser support

/* For Safari 6.1 and above browsers(chrome) */
    -webkit-
The webkit-appearance property enables web authors to change the appearance of HTML elements to resemble native User Interface (UI) controls.
 WebKit extensions contain the -webkit- prefix, which indicates that it belongs to the WebKit open-source framework.

For Firefox older version use this prefix before css property
    -moz- 

For Internet Explorer(IE) older version use this prefix before css property
    -ms-

For Opera Mini older version use this prefix before css property
    -o-